okay what Thanks ok whoa where am I
offer more smarter so who wants to be on
teams Teddy that you're heading you like
I think I sign in the computer okay oh
area all right I'm gonna go with the
haha ketchup on your buddy rusty peace
the fuck out all right you ready Benson
still fall for that I think the last one
we did is like two minutes and so with
this son of a bitch Silent Hill Wow
actual offense yeah
taste the fuck out man stop humping the
neck ocean I'm fucking serious though
she's fucking speaking what god damn it
yo she fucking humping the net bring
whatever i'm mario tennis you guys ah
fault thug ha oh god no no no fuck yeah
what what your mama kid what why would
she do that such relation to me ah Eddie
enemies are here for every right answer
you get me wrong Eddie I'm gonna cut a
figure out what that's like an ice cream
that's wrong any losing fingers you can
never give a high five anymore
apparently not oh you have a seizure
sorry match point dammit what the fuck
why we come on yuge luigina second
banana why do I hate you so much look I
know she seriously are we gonna be
playing oh my god charge Yoshi do
something
not gluten that move to inch did you
sign about the function and we go no oof
fucking yoshi with the fuck my girl mama
no ah your mother's a water bottle do
send Domino oh acha oh you're with the
fucking oh she seemed nice my humps turn
that I'm sorry but he's fucking nothing
wrong with Yoshi listen take it to the
pound or so ja came to the mall his game
zips up ever pizza pizza motherfuck ok
yeah bullshit for that I'll talk about
twice oh shoot monks were on yeah what
about it what about American no pepper
check on you thank God Rita Rita what
the hell what the fuck you run into
battle ah yes no yeah boom mama I got
the best do pity fuck he said boom can
you please take that out of there gotcha
she soon I don't think it fits that's
what you it's turning blue thank you
know what's right ah yes how do I do ok
and you'd run took it I think if you say
is gonna win Xavier Xavier greatest
football no shit gave me a football team
mmm nice Xavier yeah made at us hmm look
you better just go back cuz i play back
ruffle so why i don't know why i'm on
the college football show but I pick
exactly i don't know why um michaelene
dead so through the rules are you are
knuckle hey you are knucklehead you're
out noble there hey Xavier is awesome I
actually tattooed Xavier on my ass uh
you know tattoo them on my balls yes all
right but you can whether or not it's
also not because i touch my scrotum so
much it is faded away you're like I do
nothing ah what fucking yo she doesn't
charge thank you mama yeah dammit all
right what is this best of what oh yeah
which guy Daleks angle look good hey I
just want to say that constant pollens a
knucklehead
yo she's a knucklehead haha yeah oh my
god I'm like money to work what I got
the front ok that's just can't really
does it see sissy you got the feeling
mama Bar Mitzvah yeah Hanukkah Kwanzaa
ya Xavier oh yeah exactly Michigan Ohio
State Georgetown Michigan again Florida
oh damn it no Tennessee get down yes big
ups to Michigan and all around